peekaboo
alright I was stupid alright and
Sergeant 274 here
today we're going to showcase the black
knight sword this is actually classified
as a great sword but it's just called
the Black Knights or this is a +5 one
now you see there requires 20 strengths
and 18 decks to wield it that's
one-handed if you want to do a
two-handed it only requires 15 strengths
so if you get this weapon early in the
game which you can get you are pretty
much set throughout the game you can
beat every boss in the game with this
weapon and you don't even have to go
over 20 strengths I have 50 but you can
just keep your strengths at 20 or even
15 I guess if you wanted to just +5 it
don't even have to +5 it probably but
whatever there you saw the r1 attack
this is the r2 one-handed attack it is a
thrusting attack and smaller enemies
it'll push it back it'll definitely move
it does have that we're kind of after
effect and opposes there if you've seen
the Black Knights with these swords you
see
because that seemed move there for the
end anyways this is the r2 excuse me the
two-handed r1 attack what am I saying
I don't know and there is the two-handed
are two attack so that will kind of
launch your enemy or push them backwards
but it's a long attack obviously both
are all our two is unlike my weapon seem
to be pretty long dead
so there's your rolling attacks pretty
good but it's it's an overhead chop so
it's pretty it doesn't have a wide
radius hit like that the back stuff does
what do we have left here I believe yes
the running attacks which are very good
this weapon I love the running attacks
with the great swords else is called a
sword like I said remember it is a great
sword so as a majority of the Greeks
were to move set package - except for
the are tubes alright anyways let's go
try this out and not Ando here we are
here's my stats real quick 40 endurance
50 strength and the black main sword
stats there you go alright so let's see
how Mr giant number one handles so
that's a jumping attack so 556 and then
a regular power one so it makes pretty
good work of enemies like that it's the
weakest of the Black Knight weapons but
by no means is that there's a spinning
attack
almost killed them in one shot
not quite it does a lot of damage
excuse me here's a plunging attack I
mean only got one hit up on the plunge
there so you didn't kill him outright I
take a chunk and here's a chunk from the
other guy all right now onto some silver
nights it's over night there you are
all right this guy's yeah I haven't any
of what I want to give so we're gonna
try to backstab him here
there you go 755 on the normal backstab
good damage again Black Knight weapons
you cannot buff so this is going to be
the max de Waal not to me the max normal
damage you can do against the silver
unless I guess you increased your there
you go I got a two-handed r2 to work
there I was in trouble it's got the r2
ended our two to work in the nick of
time here's the parry
be a Lego since max damage olya from
this weapon because cannot buff it
once you have power within
that's your soul and
jumping attack
their strengths word X even more but the
deck scaling is AE strength of C so most
people don't go over 50 anyways and
Ducks really doesn't help this weapon at
all could see scale anyways alright
Hornet ring time and fail the parry
attempt number 2 with the Hornet ring
you get 1173 damage Perry and literally
post backstab is you can't let me do a
backstab let me do a back step sure sure
I would like to stab you in the back oh
my gosh oh my gosh this is making me
dizzy
I ain't even too
so he oh because scan was killed me last
time so there's a spinning attack and
you can see how could we can follow that
up especially it's done someone with a
just an r1 so two-handed spinning
followed by r1 nice damage here I'm
going to go through the undead burg and
show you just how powerful a regular
black knight sword is this is not this
is just a regular one plus nothing grant
I have 50 strength but the damage output
is going to be a little less obviously
but yeah if you get this drop you can
just mowed through the competition or
both or then
and then just upgrade it when you get
some twinkling titanite you'll be good
to go
you see the move set you just need 15
strengthen 18x and you can to hand it
like this and you'll just plow through
people that running spinning attack is
amazing I miss it there but yeah it's
awesome
anyways the Black Knight is right down
here if you don't want to if you're not
good at peering then just drag them back
here to that that area you can try to
backstab them but here's where he'll be
by the blue tier stone ring alright
thanks for watching I will see you next
time goodbye okay just kidding sorry
guys I forgot to tell you where you can
get the black thanks or to add you can
get it here to showed you at the end
that Burke there are two black knights
in the undead asylum that you can get it
from and you can also get it from the
two respawning black knights in the kill
on the first plane so sorry about that